OK so now what we need to do we need to connect the action creators and the producers and what we do
we connect them through the components.
So I'm going to be inside the app that has the one that it's just outputting rendering the hello world.
OK.
So the first thing we need to do to connect them.
It's going to be it's going to be to bring we can bring something and we're going to bring it from react
react with.
And this is going to be called connect.
Yeah.
You know can it make sense.
It's going to be connect.
All right.
This connect is going to be from and just react redux right.
That's very good.
So the second thing that we need to do is we need to call to an action creator.
So we need to import this action creators so we can use it.
I'm going to I'm going to do it on a different way just to show you how this how this works.
But then we are going to change it but we can call the action creator in a different way.
I'm going to just do this because it's going to be kind of confusing.
So I'm going to just dedicate a whole section to do this.
OK.
So first I'm going to import the action creator and what I'm going to do.
I'm going import all these actions from and then just going to bring the actions.
So this pretty much is going to go to the actual file we have right here and it's going to bring whatever
we have inside there so we we can have access.
All right.
That's why we use this.
OK.
That's the second thing.
Just bringing the actions now what we need to do whenever this component it's loaded on the screen.
We want to call this action and this action is going to go to the producer.
The producer is going to update the state.
And then we need to catch that new state so we can render the information right here.
OK but first I need to call this action creator since we want to Connard whenever the application starts
or the component the components renders.
So we're going to call the component will mount.
OK.
So after this component it's it's rendered we're going to just trigger that function that action creator
from here.
So I'm going to say this that prompts and we're going to call this function.
And I believe it's going to be movies list.
Yeah.
OK.
That's good.
They don't need that.
So again the complaint mounts and we call the movers list the action creator.
OK.
Now this is going to be kind of confusing in react if you remember from a component we can access the
parent state doing this that prompts.
So whenever we call this that prompts we go to the parent component which in this case is going to be
this one and we're going to bring all the set ups and all the data that it's inside prompts.
Well the thing is that if we do now we're used to this that prompts there is no recollection of the
data.
We have the state because the state of react.
It's not the same state as the the redux state.
There are just two different things.
The state is one thing and the reactive state are a different thing.
The thing is that to use them they read Acts state with this that prompts when it's we need a way to
inject the redux state in somebody that this prompts so we can access the data.
So we have a function that it's provided by redux.
And it's going to be it's going to be called Map state to prompts you know the name.
It's kind of confusing but it makes sense.
It's map because we we used make use of the helper map just mapping and the state to.
You're converting the read Act state to prom's makes sense.
So I'm going to go right here before the export and I going to say function is just a function and the
function call map and everything it's in camel case state to prop's you know it's a good age since you
can use it.
A lot of times is a good idea to create a snippet for this.
Just typing everything so you can see Seamew typing.
OK.
So this maps state prompts is going to take one argument and the argument is going to be the state.
Now this map state prompts it's only going to return some some data.
So we're going to say return.
All right.
And this is going to return an object.
Right.
So the object is going to be whatever we want to have available as props.
Since I want to get movies I'm just going to call it movies and the movies is going to be the data that
we want to fetch that one to have.
Sorry it's going to be inside the redux state and this is the read us redux state not the state.
Whenever we just returned the movies everything if we go to the league I have a right here the index
everything.
It's going to be stored inside something that calls movies.
And OK so if I go to the app I have the movies right here and I want to make reference to this that
props the movies and I should be getting whatever I have inside this state of redux darts movies.
OK so in this way we grab whatever we have India read ex-state that costs movies and we can access through
this that prompts movies with this.
That's the first step.
And I'm going to I'm going to go right here and I'm going to say console log and then just state right
so we can see whatever we are getting as a state.
Now we are still getting an error.
So we need to do more things.
So this map state to prop's needs something else to connect redux.
So what we need to do.
We're not going to be exporting default the app.
We need to export that default something from redux.
And since we imported a connect right here we can make use of connect.
So I'm going to go read here just delete the app and I'm going to do connect this connect takes two
arguments.
I can get two arguments and after that everything is ready is going to just return the class which in
this case is going to be app the app component.
OK.
Let's get we are on the good track now.
This this connect is going to take two arguments.
One is going to be the map state two.
That's the first one and then it's going to receive a second argument argument and it's going to be
the actions number.
In this case we imported all the actions.
So it's going to use the actions.
All right.
So OK.
In a natural what we are doing the Kinect is going to make actions available it's going to make all
the function we have right here.
This move is list available so we can use it as this process moves just it is going to call to the action
creators.
And after the state the relaxed state it's updating its It's updated it's going to it's going to use
the map state to prompts and it's going to be everything available inside this process.
That's the main idea of this.
So if you notice right here on the console we are getting something.
The first one whenever the application loads this code.
It's not running.
So whenever we cancel log the main state of redux is going to be null.
If you remember whenever we created the redux I'm sorry the reducers domain reader sir we said that
the state was null.
So that's why we are getting no because there is no data.
But after the component it's loaded.
OK.
The complaint will mount everything to render its mount it is going to go again.
And it is going to call the movers list the movers list is going to go to the to the actual creator
the moves list.
This action creators going to send all this data we have right here to the producer and then we do sir
will update the state with whatever payload we have.
Then it's going to go to redoes read access state and right here the map step prompts.
It's just catching this state this new state right here.
So now we have access to all the movies.
Now it's works in a magic way.
There's there's kind of a magic behind redux.
So now what we can do inside here inside the render we can create a function to just output this all
this information.
OK.
So I'm going to do that now.
Now I was going to wait until the next section but why not why not doing it right now.
So I'm just going to delete this the hello world because we don't need it.
And what I'm going to do I'm going to just I'm going to put everything inside the div you know and I'm
going to call right now to a function that is going to iterate this array.
OK.
Just like we did before.
It's going to say this.
And my function is going to be called render list.
And now the render list is going to take whatever we have inside the map states prompts.
In this case we have movies and the main idea of my state prompts is to make this movies available inside
props so we can do this that prompts dance movies.
All right that's good.
I mean you're getting errors but don't worry we're going to fix right now.
So I'm going to create this function.
It's going to be called render list.
So going to go right here and create a render list function.
This is going to be a fat arrow function right.
And this fat arrow function is going to it's going to take us an argument the list of movies.
So I'm going to go right here and say movies.
OK.
That is good.
Now I'm going to do it and we're going to get an error.
And in a minute I'm going to tell you why.
Because if I do I find just do it.
You're not going.
You're not going to understand why I'm doing a conditional.
I'm going to say return and are going to say I'm going to call the movies object we have right here.
OK.
So we're going to map over it going to say map right here.
We open and close and we do a fad our function just to function OK.
I pass I know I'm going to use movies so it can make sense.
So we're going to return something on each iteration and it's going to be just a div with the name of
the movie.
So I'm going to call a movie that name OK and this is the it's going to be the earth that we're getting.
You're going to get cannot read properly map.
No.
And this is good.
You know whenever with the application LOTES the state of this of this application the main state with
the movies is going to be no.
The thing is that with map we can not loop inside of something we can loop an object that is going to
be null.
You know cannot be done.
It's going to just give you an error message.
So what we need to do we need to use a conditional to check if this movie is empty or not and if it's
not empty we want to do this if not of course nothing is going to happen.
So I'm going to go right here and I'm going to say if and then movies.
I'm just going to wrap everything inside here
and we get it.
Pulp Fiction Pacific Rim and Rambo right.
So this is working just fine.
Let's go again through the hold the whole process.
We have the producers and the creators we imported connect from reac redux.
So we can make a connection between this component between the action creators and then the users.
We imported the actions so we can use them then we can skip to the bottom and we make this.
This is this class this component available to redux.
And we are using maps state to props to inject the props the the new state inside props so we can access
the prompts just like this does that prompts and we are using the actions we've imported so we can call
them whenever they're ready.
And then this just fetching the information is making the new state available inside this the props.
And we are calling everything inside this that props that movies so we can get the information so we
can loop it and we get the information you know it's a lot of work just to get three things.
Ted remarriages just like it's all before once you know how to do this you pretty much you can have
just a template to do all of this.
And the only thing that you will need to do is just to assign a name brand here and then just to the
function you know.
OK let's go to the next section.
I want to talk about something else I want to talk about containers.